Okay, I'm gonna punch it
You wanted a pre-show you technically got one, okay?
That's it. That's all you get nice shirt. Yeah, you need a nice shirt, bro. Okay. Here we go
Are you gonna just like hang or oh
Oh, I see okay, I mean you're more of the welcome it just will take a while
Okay, okay, okay, everyone stand by
Welcome to the WAN show everyone the truth is I screwed up this week. Yeah
It's very obvious that I mean I just I couldn't conceal it anymore
We were paid by NVIDIA for our RTX 4060 Ti review
And the scariest part of what I just said is that a not insignificant number of people are gonna take that at face value
Not watch any more of the video
And believe it for the rest of their days. Let's talk about how confusing people found our review of the 4060 Ti
We're also going to be talking to you guys about how confusing I'm finding Sony's new handheld accessory
It's a Wi-Fi based PlayStation 5 streaming thing. Did they learn nothing from the Nintendo Wii U?
What else we got going on this week? It does it does seem like the Wii U was just like actually too early at this point
It's starting to feel that way really really feels like it. Uh, wow
The show is brought to you today by Vessie signal wire and Corsair
All right, we're gonna jump right over to my laptop here and this is one of those things where?
Luke I feel like we need to open the conversation back up
Open it back up about shadow banning come on shadow banning people do that
Because just do it. I actually found the comment section of this video extremely difficult to handle
Let's see you see some people get it. Please keep calling out this nonsense. This was an extremely
Negative review it started with oh
Thank you Nvidia at least you didn't doubt it
Negative review it started with oh, thank you Nvidia at least you didn't downgrade this graphics card
I literally
Literally said something actually positive after some negative things and then I said, okay that last one wasn't sarcastic
Because I am aware that a not insignificant portion of our audience does have a little bit of trouble picking up on sarcasm
Whether it's uh like a social cue challenge thing or whether it's the fact that english isn't their second language
English is a really weird language rather is their second language. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Um, so I I made it
actually explicit
And the number of comments that are just
Let me let me see if I can let me see if I can let me see if I can find this um
Oh
Man, this is see this is frustrating because you need them. They're not there. Yeah, the second one. I need it. Yeah
It's it's not there. That's just that's just how like presenting things on stage or on camera
It's just how it's just how it works. Okay. Where's my phone because I sent you one on discord. That was just
Absolutely mind-blowing the point is not to call it any specific user. Don't go looking for this
But I've got a couple comments in a row here like why can't you just say it's a bad deal?
You're not crapping on nvidia. It makes it look like you're caping for nvidia
Not saying you are but that's what it looks like
This review also feels short and unrigorous. This is a rare thumbs down for me. We had
Probably more game benchmarking. Yeah, then just then we've ever had before
Extremely rigorous. The whole thing is automated now. All of our testing. This is something to note
All of our testing was fresh on the latest drivers for every one of those cards. That is extremely unusual
But it's also extremely important. I mean you can include numbers from three months ago or six months ago
But as we've seen especially with intel ark and especially when amd launches anything
within a span of two three six months
You might as well just you might as well just say
I hate amd and don't feel like showing them in a fair light
You might as well just say that because if you're not including fresh numbers
That's not valid. It's it's just actually useless. You might as well just kind of go. You might as well approximate
Well, I didn't have the x t so I I don't know it has 10 percent more
C us so I bumped the clock speed 10 percent. This is an approximation and you know what it would probably be reasonably close
But it's disingenuous to label the chart, you know, 6700 x t or whatever it is
This this next one
Uh, thank you
I've I haven't been watching ltt and now I remember why the only reason I clicked was I was hoping the title was sarcasm
But weird how he kept looking for positive things to say when the card is straight up garbage
Trying to stay in nvidia's good books. I haven't been in nvidia's good books years for like a couple years now
That's that's not how this works. That's not how any of this works
Um
The reason that we're looking for positive things to say is because our reviews are designed to be everything you need
To know about the card and the price the price is fluid
Right, so if you come back to this video in a couple years and you want to know what features does it have
How does it compare to the cards that are?
You know similar around it and honestly one of the things the labs did a great job of this time was including older cards
The number of positive comments we got from people saying wow
Thank you so much for putting a couple of older cards on the graph for a change
Now I have some idea how this compares when I'm you know looking for an upgrade was really awesome
I I just want to give a huge shout out to the writers huge shout out to the lab
I'm actually really really proud of our 40 60 ti review and our our x 7600 review
There are a couple of things we got wrong
I think we had a a table in the 40 60 ti review that said it had a 16x interface
It has an 8x interface
That is a problem if you're upgrading an older platform
On a modern platform. It's not a problem. It doesn't affect the numbers that we showed you guys
But that is something that we we could have gotten a little bit better
And I think there were a couple small things in the 7600 but
Every time we release a new gpu review. We're getting a little bit cleaner about it. It's just it's a lot of moving parts guys
um
But this is one of those things that i'm just looking at going
Give me a reason not to start shadow banning again
Like this is another one that I saw on today's video
It was a short on the billy billy gold play button that we got for reaching a million subscribers on billy billy
Super cool, which is super awesome like huge shout out
Dennis has been deeply involved in that over the years
And he's been involved in that over the years and you know helped foster the community over there our translation team over in china
All the members past and present just shout out all those people for for making this possible
And you know, this is the takeaway
That someone got was not expecting linus to take a knee to china after saying he will never visit because of the ccp
What a hypocrite um
So here's something it actually costs us money to run that chinese channel. I
Because I won't go to china anymore
I have no way of getting any of the ad revenue that we've made from that channel
Out of it out of china. It's all just stuck there. It's just something where
There was a fan group that was translating our videos
Pirating them uploading them to billy billy and we kind of went hey
Please don't do that. But how about this? How about we actually compensate you for it?
And we'll make the whole thing official
And that way we can we can have a proper presence there with translations and and all that good stuff
If it's going to get pirated anyways, we might as well
Do it properly we might as well do it properly and it's just one of those things that I look at and I go
You know, why do I have to read that? Why do I ever?
Whether you're trolling which honestly, I don't think so. I I've got a pretty good radar for it these days
No, some people actually are that brain dead
Um, so whether you're trolling if you are or whether your takes are just that bad
I just uh, I used to care about this a lot
Like shadow banning. Yeah, like thinking it was a bad thing. Yeah
And then what happened? Is it just because I send you even sort of anymore?
Like I'm actually completely on the other side now and this might piss some people off, but it's just the reality in my opinion
Back when I was a stalwart defender of like you shouldn't ban people the internet was in a bit of a different spot
And now like
I don't know
You you get how many comments every day
And it's like, yeah, I don't know
Is that helping anything? Yeah
Like like actually at all. Is this is this beneficial for anything? Are you gonna change anything?
Is this is any discourse coming from this that is helpful? Yeah, so I've been scrolling. Here's another one
This review was way too lenient
Uh, this card is garbage end of story. It's not garbage. That's just I I don't know what to tell you
It's not garbage. I feel like
I feel like people have gotten kind of a twisted
Uh, like a twisted perception of what garbage is
At the right price it it does it do you plug it into your computer and does it shard fps onto your monitor?
Does it do so without overheating?
Uh, without causing blue screens
Does it does it harm your dog? You know, like is it is it bad?
No
It's overpriced. It's not worth it. That's its problem. Yeah, Nvidia is marketing a 50 series card as a 60
Ti card and that's a problem and pricing it as such. Yeah, and that's a problem
But it doesn't make it garbage. It makes it
Overpriced like if you found it and it was that card and it was on a mad discount. Yeah, maybe it's all right
Absolutely
And happy 45 34 says no criticism allowed on ltt videos. I guess anything bad the shadow venue. Let's see. That's not true at all
Um, you know, we have no problem. We have no problem with constructive criticism
What it is is I just I don't disingenuous arguments, uh starting to
Trying to start things just for the sake of trying to start things like I don't know. Yeah
I just I I just can't
And oh man, I we've actually got a video coming where I I kind of I kind of lean into this. I was having some fun with it
Um, I I kind of brought back the scrapyard war spirit though
So everyone's getting kind of you know mad at me for not going hard enough on nvidia
And I shouldn't say everyone I mean the like dislike ratio on that video is still about 92
93 percent or something like that it might even be higher now because it tends to be that it's that initial rush of people
Like the really hardcore tech people that are like this this review wasn't critical enough or whatever the case may be
But the number of people that are mad at me for not going hard enough at nvidia is if I have
Any kind of influence whatsoever on nvidia's it's just comical to me at this point. So I wrote up a little intro
um because
I wanted to address that right
So it kind of it kind of goes along lines of like are you tired of gpu manufacturers screwing over your wallet?
Well, it's time to take action here
Let me show you what to do
And I kind of do a little flourish with my wallet and put it in my pocket
And then do you remember the windows 3.1 sound that's like
I did it I didn't open it
Then I worked with nicole from the uh from the editing team to there's this really cool transition that we can do
Where if you do a whip pan
And then a whip pan back you can use two completely different shots as long as that blur is of approximately the same things
So it actually whips away from me to me
Standing in the studio, and I'm like your performative boycott means nothing
You have more than enough gpu's for like I basically get to be my own. Yeah, yeah, like peanut gallery
Yeah, your performative boycott means nothing blah blah you're anyway, um
And and I'm like and then it like whips back to me and it was a really fun video because
I basically went scrapyard worth shopping and showed that you can get a sick system upgrade for a great
Price right now. Is it getting better and not given video or amd any money. In fact, cool. I had so much fun
That I'm kind of thinking
Oh
We might have to bring it back. No way. I think we might have to it was so fun
Man, I we're back boys. Let's go. I basically said I set a budget for myself
um, all right, I set a budget for myself of
Approximately the price of a hydrate 40 60 ti
Okay, I managed to beat it by about 30 percent while still saving like 20 bucks
Oh performance beat it by 30. Oh, yeah, and saved. Oh, yeah
Scaring out wars. Oh, that's the best and I have almost a year of warranty on the card. I got you
Okay, what could go wrong?
That's sick. I won and won and won some more and I got a video out of it, which is winning four times
That's another that's a win. Yeah, exactly. And so I'm looking at it going like
Oh, yeah, yeah, we got another comment over here on the 40. You must have been paid to review this card
People like that clearly have no idea what it's like to work with a brand on a paid promotion
You do. Yeah, would you be allowed to open with a sarcastic? No
Oh, thank you Nvidia for at least not taking away any VRAM. No
Not even sort of
You sure? Yeah, are you sure?
Dude, because it seems like you would be able to
Based on some of the comments. Yeah
I wonder how much here's another one right here. We've had stuff kick back for like a lot less than that. This is this is great
Uh
Hold on. Hold on. Where did it go? Must have been must have been paid super cool excellent smart comment
Wonder how much they paid
This video doesn't feel so honest, but I get it from a business perspective
No
You actually don't you get nothing
You missed the whole thing
Whoosh whoosh whoosh whoosh whoosh
um
Yeah, I don't know
I just
Anyway
Massive massive shout out the team really really happy with those reviews really excited for the direction the lab is going
We've had some really cool and exciting meetings lately with the team over there
I think we're going to be ready to roll out some of the category specific channels
Because I think I've talked about this on the wan show before but one of the
One of the
Directions that I see online content going is I see mega channels like the mkb hd's and
Ltt's actually even to a lesser degree
Marquez because he is kind of niche focused a little bit more focused especially now that he's split cars off of mkb hd onto
autofocus. Yeah, it's kind of
Mobile devices and consumer electronics
It's so it's relatively narrowly focused right compared to ours whereas we are as broad as okay this week
Uh, what is this thing powered by something this week?
We uploaded a tour of asml who makes the lithography machines that
Help manufacturers like intel and tsmc produced the world's most cutting-edge microchips
So like super super deep technical video and then we also
Built a silly hundred thousand dollar computer for playing minecraft and water cooled to bed
I basically did a youtuber video where I talked about you know, what's going on in my personal life and my job role changed like
We are all over the map reviews of a couple gpus
So the way that I see it it's going to be much much harder to attract a loyal audience to a channel and therefore
Alloy a lot against for a channel unless you're focused and the way that I see it if you have a power supply focused channel
You're going to get two different viewers for that
You're going to get people who really want to stay up on what's going on in power supplies
And then you're going to get people who
Haven't cared about a power supply in six years, but they're building a new computer and they're going
Sorry 16 pin what?
What's
I don't care. Just tell me a good one, right? So you're going to get a lot of those our goal
Our goal for a power supply specific channel will be and I you guys can quote me on this
To have a video for every power supply
Like every new one that comes out
Well, we're going to have to work. Are you including server ones the bat catalog too
No, okay. No like atx
Atx money money and doing server ones there could but I mean almost nobody builds a server anymore
Ah, yeah, fair enough. It's almost exclusively bare bones and I could I could see us having a more enterprise
it sort of
Focus channel at some point maybe not that where we would look at bare bones servers
Yeah, look at these at these platforms as a whole
But that would be something that would come later and it would be more along the lines of how we would test something like laptops laptops
Oh, man laptops are deep to cover a laptop properly
You have to have your methodologies down for everything
Battery testing screen testing keyboard testing
Uh processor testing. Oh, don't forget that you're going to have to account for different environmental factors
Uh, don't forget that you need to test it in different power profiles depending on whether it's plugged in or unplugged
Laptops are going to take some time. Oh, yeah, right and don't forget that per model per chassis
They're available and I don't know about 25 different configurations
um, I
Do you remember when I optimistically bought one of every config of the m1 MacBook thinking, okay
We're going to get like our laptop methodology down and we're going to be the
outlet that actually can tell you
Exactly which configuration to buy like bang for the buck
And then they basically all got deployed to people who wanted MacBooks internally and scattered to the high winds
Yeah, that was a good investment
Anywho the idea is that eventually we're going to get there and then all the ones that we don't need anymore
We'll just divest ourselves of by flipping them at lttstore.com or on ebay or whatever. We'll figure all that out
um
It's time for us to jump into our next topic here apparently dan is not going to let me talk about haters anymore
Do you want can we talk about this the sony thing?
Yeah, sony ps5 announcements at the their playstation showcase sony announced their new handheld
Uh projected to come out later this year called project q the handheld allows remote play of ps5 games via wi-fi
At up to 1080p and 60 fps it has an eight inch lcd screen
They have no idea how much it will cost and it's unclear whether it will do anything else other than stream ps5 games
Or whether it will be able to use cellular networks considering they specified wi-fi. I kind of doubt it, but we'll see
Yeah, that's one of those things where the answer is no. Yeah
Also lossless wireless earbuds
Okay
The playstation showcase also highlighted a number of upcoming games sony announced slash showed off several standard ps5 games
The only notable exclusive being spider-man 2
Okay, some notable not exclusives a remake of meadow metal gear 3 a reboot of bungee's marathon series. That's
I know right sony owning bungee just makes my brain hurt. Yeah, but it's non-exclusive
Which is also the whole thing is just like uh, it's weird, but maybe really cool
I haven't been able to look into uh any of that yet because I had a very busy week
But I'm pretty interested in the idea of them rebooting marathon. We'll see um allen wake 2 a splatoon alike called foam stars
And the one riley is most excited about the tallows principal 2
I think quite a few people are gonna be excited about that. It's a pvp extraction shooter
Oh, I think you've got his attention. Oh my bungee making a pvp extraction shooter is extremely exciting
Like the division. Okay that part
Makes it a lot worse. Okay. Hopefully it's not like the division at all
The division was terrible in my opinion, but I know I'm sure someone liked it. Okay
I want to talk about this wireless console thing
Is it just me?
Or
Like very little use for this
Don't use play on your tv. You know, I don't know how to feel about this. Okay. So first of all here
Let's flip over to my laptop. This is this is apparently what it's gonna look like
I think it looks cool
Yeah, it looks actually looks like it's probably comfortable to hold and stuff too. Here's my problem
I don't know how to feel about this because I've been kind of all over the place. Yeah
I
Loved the nvidia shield. Yes, and yes android games did exist that could be played with a controller
But at the time they were way less common. So it was
fundamentally
Only a device for streaming your gaming pc to a handheld
form factor and I was
Crazy in love with that thing. It was it was how I played games when I had infant children because
It basically had the kid kind of in the thing in your arms and you could play video games
There was no way you could sit at a computer. So that was it. That was how I could play video games
loved that and then
You know, I was less bullish on the steam link
Which is basically the same idea except that it allows you to play your gaming pc games on your tv
With a steam controller or some other controller or whatever else and then I'm trying to think of kind of what came
What came next here? I never really used the nvidia shield the console for that for that function
It just didn't really appeal to me and then when logitech, okay
When logitech announced the gcloud, I was looking at it going. Well, this is just kind of stupid
Because you could get a steam deck for like a hundred dollars more that actually has a full computer in it
But then I reviewed the gcloud and even though I was a certified hater of the thing
I actually really liked it. Like I really liked it. I've got nothing against the concept of this
I'm a little bit concerned about what I expect the price might be then there's the we you
Did you ever use the wireless controller pad function of the we you did you ever even look at that screen? Yeah
Really? I I am a I am a rare pikachu
We you
Enjoyer. I really liked the we you. I was I actually genuinely very much like the we you I even
Loved okay, so the super mario bros whatever it was that came out for the we you new super mario brothers
We you it had a four player co-op feature yes, it did with
a fifth person
That used that main controller had their own screen and you could put down like emergency platforms for your teammates
You could also troll them by while they're like mid jump put a platform right in front of them
And they smack into it and fall down you could like try to fight your own team from actually completing the level and all
Stuff extremely fun
That's very fun. That's very unique experience too. That's fair and very fun
I played a bunch of different games on the we you they're all really good
I am deeply convinced that the only reason why the we you didn't do well
Was because no one knew
That a it existed or b what the hell it even was
My group of relatively techie friends when I first bought it
I invited them all over because I wanted to play the five person super mario bros thing
Or uh, yeah, super mario. Yeah, um, all of them
Literally all of them thought that I bought some expansion for my we
None of them knew that it was a dedicated console swedish made
What did I say did I say something wrong? No, no, you just an expansion for your we I'm asking if it's swedish made
But yeah, I don't know I I I really enjoyed the we you and that controller one is very is his bag, baby
That
That controller that controller was actually very comfortable. That's true. Yeah. Yep. It's true
Like more comfortable than the switches by a lot in my opinion. Okay. Um, I do want to keep talking about this paradigm though
Because I had another opportunity to look at a device that's basically this
And I have to confess
I kind of blew them off because I just
Didn't really care
Uh, yeah, you always expect it to suck and then it's actually okay. Well, no, it's not that because I was so jazzed on the shield
Right. So here hold on a second. I'm just gonna jump back over to my laptop for a second here
This is from peak dough of all people. I remember remember these guys. They had the this like low latency
Uh hdmi streaming thing. Uh, so it's millimeter wave
Which is a problem because that means the range is going to be pretty fubar but 60p or 1080 60p
so 60 hertz and
the the pitched
Sort of the pitched sort of use case for this thing
Was actually streaming your playstation 5 to it
Compatible of pc playstation xbox windows switch
Etc two and a half milliseconds delay up to 30 meters or whatever and three hour battery life
And I kind of looked at this and I went
That seems really niche
What and it's sony
Just laid down a big fat
I think you're wrong linus. Yeah, because they are releasing a first party accessory
That's just
this
If this thing could work over cell networks, it would be sick
It doesn't it. I know it doesn't you don't want see people keep asking for this
You don't want to game over a cellular network. Yeah fair enough. Yeah, and
Okay, I I know games would be I know I hear you
I can actually hear your keys heating up as you furiously type a message about how much you love using moonlight
Over a cell network or whatever
Steam link
I know there are certain types of games you want to play like a puzzle game or something
No problem by all means play over a cellular network
But wherever you live a your cell network must be a lot better than mine. So maybe you're in like
Tokyo or you're in like soul or something like that. Yeah, sure fine
A your cell network is a lot better than mine
B
You must have a really great data plan. Both of those things are true in a lot of places in the world
Absolutely house internets off cell
absolutely
However, even under those ideal conditions, there are certain genres of games that are just not going to be fun with the additional latency
And I just I wouldn't I wouldn't compromise on that. I just wouldn't
Um, I I I love what sony's doing right now though
PSVR2 is awesome. Yeah
This
I don't know if it's awesome. It looks cool, but it's cool. Yeah, it's different. Yeah, it's not just I am a hundred percent certain
While it's not necessarily for me that some people will love this thing like Microsoft
How how hard have they lost this generation of gaming at this point you you could play PlayStation games in the bath
Yeah
I could that's pretty sweet. I won't but I could but it's because not necessarily a hundred percent for you, but
Someone could fit that use case
That's pretty cool. I I do I do wonder and conrad's echoing this in the in the chat
How much is it going to cost them not announcing a price is like a little sus
It is it is a it is a wee wee bit sus
I think it's not I think it's not going to be cheap. I mean here here. You know what?
I I can get you pricing for that peak dough thing because realistically, it's the same same hardware
Um, you know what?
I don't know if I ever got a final price because I think it was a kickstarter or something right
That was one of the other reasons that we didn't cover it. I don't I don't like
Covering kick starters speaking of which we should talk about that sponsor spot fail this week on tech wiki
I'll we'll address that a little bit later. Don't let me forget
Um, no, I don't have I don't have a price for this thing
So if I had to guess I'd say it'll probably be similar to the gcloud
So in the 250 250 us to 299 I think this is going to be a very expensive accessory
But again, I do think some people will eat that but that's something that sony has demonstrated that they're
totally willing to do
I mean the playstation fr2 is an accessory that costs as much as the bloody console. Yeah
Like okay, it's not that's not cheap by
any means
at all
but like
It's not it's not 700 bucks because it's not dedicated handheld. Yeah, you're not you're not buying a you're not you're not buying an accessory
You're buying a completely different experience. Yeah, and yeah, that's something that sony has done a really good job of here
is creating different experiences and it's not going to have quite the mobility of the switch but
Man, I gotta
I've got to take a moment and just appreciate how crap the switch is these days
I own a switch OLED a top of the line. It's old now switch if you will and
I own tears of the kingdom you guys saw my copy that I bought on the short circuit
and I am currently in the process
of getting my
My yuzu all set up for the trip that luke and I are going on so that I can start tears of the kingdom on a platform that doesn't suck
Yeah
Yeah, the switch is over six years old
Yeah, and it was garbage when it came out. That's the worst part by the way
Jake Jake from the lab is is talking in the float plane chat about what I said about cellular networks and and game streaming
And he's like, yeah, the problem is not how many gigabits per second or whatever you can get in the speed test
The problem is that this is real-time data and latency matters
And so if anything arrives even ever so slightly out of order
It's going to be garbled and that's something you simply can't control on a cellular network. It's extremely challenging
um
And yeah, yeah people are talking about like what what ping time I get or how many megabits I get that that is not the point
It's just a very very even though it feels the same to us. It's the same thing with frame times
Yeah, I click link and page load. It feels the same to us, but it's a really different technology
Yep, yep, yep
All right
It's time for us to explain merch messages
If you want to send a message into the show the way to do it is with the merch message
Hey, look g or g just scored an insulated water bottle 64 ounce at lttstore.com
When you're in the checkout you can send
When you're in the cart you can send a merch message and our producer dan will try to respond to it
It's going to be a bit of a shorter show today because luke and I have to catch a flight
we'll talk about that in a little bit and
So our producer dan might respond to it. He might just put it up on the bottom and if there's no replies, uh
Who knows maybe chat can help reply to your merch message. We might need some help from you guys today
Or dan is going to curate some of them for me and luke to address later on during when show after dark
Since we're talking about what's going on on the store. Why don't we tell you guys about a couple of new items?
Uh, I don't see them in the thing here
Yes, I do see them in the thing here. We just launched our premium joggers. Who is this with that drip?
It's got to be like bellavance or something. Oh, no
Whoever it is. They've got the swag stance going on. Definitely got the swag stance
Um, these are super nice by the way got them in two different colors. Oh my gosh. They have to check these out black and olive
Man love this great pose. I do want some some joggers. Sammy
There there's sammy. He gets the poses man. Yeah colton. He tries colton doesn't
We've got contrast going on
Solid solid effort
Yeah, fantastic. Yeah, these are these are super nice. Oh, look at this. What a nice write up
You know how we've talked about how we like don't do a good enough job sometimes
Let's go made of a hundred percent recycled polyester
sick
Very cool. Uh, we also launched one other product this week that you guys are going to want to check out
I wouldn't necessarily wear these two together, but uh, you know, hey, you can definitely get them both
Very different feel
But we've had a lot of people ask us for stuff that they can wear to work
That still matches the comfort that they know and love from our other products
But that is workplace workplace ready colton
F***ing really I swear I've seen him do exactly that. I don't know why
Yeah, but like I've seen him do that. Why does colton do anything he does? I don't know. Anyway, it's available in green and
charcoal melange
Super comfy and
Okay, who wrote these this shirt is softer than a freshly pixelated kittens fur
What pixelated kittens, what does that even mean I have no idea but it is it is comfy
It's interesting it probably would get people to keep reading so maybe it's good
The joggers are available in two colors and two lengths
And the polo shirt is available in two different colors. Oh
Now seems like as good a time as any to talk about
LTT is hiring
Ah, yes, wait, I'm supposed to show the jobs page and I am also I'll do the reading
I'll do the read. Okay. I'll show the jobs page bullet point one writer slash video producer colon
We're specifically looking for someone to help make the kind of videos alex makes i.e
We're looking for laptop expertise and or maker skills engineering background with expertise in solid works
Has to be solid work specifically would be a really nice bonus as well
Also, we're looking for a data visualization specialist for the labs basically make our graphs better
This person should have great data presentation expertise
Some ability as a graphic artist and some ability as a data analyst
Mr. Gary key has written a message to our potential hires as well
Oh for everyone to enjoy it's uh down on the bottom
Of what do you want to just read it at this point? Oh
I was looking at the wrong screen. If you believe you're uh, whoa
This will be your boss
Specialist
If you can read it. Yeah, I got the job
Then we won't you for then we want you for the labs. Okay with an eye for details
I got there the an eye for details took me a second. How are we hiring so many things right now?
What is a project manager float plane luke?
Huh, what's a project manager? What is this? It's a projector
Man and manager. Okay. Thanks gary key. Yeah, no worries
Okay
We're closing the back end one. I finished writing that contract today accounting just needs to sign it off. We're closing that position. Let's go
um, the project manager one is probably going to go away as well
oh
and
But not because I found someone just because it's not really working you give up. Yeah, uh, well, hey, I
There's time I guess. Oh wait, there is going to be probably we're looking through current applicants
But if the that doesn't work out, um, we might be making another posting for a front end position for float plane as well. All right. Yeah
How are we still okay? We need to take a little break at some minor pre budgeted and haven't budgeted for a while
I know I know mine are mine are good. We might alone. I need mine
Why don't we do a couple merge messages dan hit us sure thing?
Hello l lnd with the end
Or near the end of morse law. How do you expect to see continued generational performance improvement as the transistors can no longer shrink?
um
You know
It seems impossible
But they keep doing it. Yeah, they keep finding some lever to turn some wheel to crank. Yeah, ipc improvements
Yeah, like there's there's things that 3d stacking. Oh, yeah looks like it is going to be one huge
Chipplets look like they are going to be huge not might find other ways
To expand the amount that you're using. Yeah, necessarily the amount we can fit in a certain area like, uh, okay technology
Like in intel's foveros chip where they've got I I forget it's like
Three or four different manufacturing processes and all these buses that are communicating with each other on this like giant package
um
Stuff like stuff like that is going to make its way to consumer technology or to consumer electronics at some point and
Could be a game changer
I mean the way that the way that the way that ai is changing the game too is massive
I think that we are super mad about nvidia giving us
Underpowered gaming chips at a price that isn't palatable right now
But when we look back
So 10 years from now when we're playing photo realistic games at, you know, 300 frames per second or whatever
On chips that fundamentally haven't changed nearly as much as the 10 years prior
We're going to be looking at it going. Wow
They were way ahead and that was
early teething pain
For what was ultimately going to be the future. Um
I mean just just looking at the way that uh, man, I was I was looking at, um
Oh
This new photoshop feature where you basically just give it an image and then just
Tell it like, oh, yeah, I want a lake in the middle
Yeah, and I want a car and I want a cloud that's shaped like the car you saw the same article
I did I think I was I meant to send it to our our thumbnail designer, but I forgot. Yeah, um, I'm sure there already
So photoshop just has generative ai built in and if we're doing that in photoshop now
Then give it a little bit more time and we'll be doing that in real time in games
You know, you'll be able to mod a game by simply typing in a prompt
Okay, I want to play super mario world, but all of the all of the koopas are procedurally generated games are going to be a
Whole little faces with mustaches ball wax like that's insane. I don't think I've even thought about that before
Yeah procedurally generated games don't have to pre-make the assets
Yeah
It's just like I want to play half-life too, but all the opponents are donkeys
And you know what it's not going to be perfect
But it's going to get
Pretty good like you can hugely simplify the modding scene for certain things
You know when they make like they made all the dragons in skyrim into thomas the tank engine or whatever
I didn't see that, but I love it. That's my favorite. Oh, yeah, it's a fantastic
They even like when they fly when they fly in you normally hear the dragon roar they they have a train
Or
It's very good. It's very good. Um, but you could do stuff like that using this instead. Oh, did you find it?
Do you want do you want sound no no, I don't think sound will be necessary entirely
So it's going to land on top of the tower that you're looking at right now spoilers if you haven't oh come on. It's skyrim
Yeah
Ah, you see it you see it flying around in the background. It's going to slam down
There's people who would uh, they'd be like arachnophobic or whatever
So they would replace all the spiders in the game with like teddy bears or or whatever else to right?
Yeah, um, so yeah, that sort of thing is only going to get easier. Oh, so good, which is great
Yeah
Uh
Oh, man, I would be you know, it'd be really interesting. Oh, man
I wonder if we'll get to the point. You know how we've been waiting for uh, or I have whatever
Um for for sky blivion and more blivion
Or more more skywind. Sorry. There we go, which are it's more wind and oblivion rebuilt in skyrim's engine
Yeah, um with really high resolution textures and all this other kind of stuff because you can do some pretty cool things
It's skyrim's engine even though it's pretty old
um
I think we're going to get to a certain point
eventually
Where because of because like yeah, it's going to have some issues doing this kind of stuff out of nowhere
Creativity problems all that kind of stuff it pulls from something whatever, but you might be able to go like, okay. Here's a game
Here's all the information to have all the local files all that kind of stuff
I want you to recreate this using UE5 or whatever
I want you to recreate this using this other thing. Oh, I see what you mean
Because it's pretty good at like translating. Yeah, right even stuff like rtx remix, uh, you know, okay
Uh, a just ai replace all the light sources with real point light sources
Um, yeah, and then you'll have to go on and tweak it. You'll still have to be a graphic designer or game designer or whatever else
But man, yeah, it's like it's like the the generative ai in photoshop, right? It's not replacing artists
Yeah, we still need an artist to do that all the same people to do all the same stuff
It just make their job easier
Well more realistically it makes it so they have to do more of it, but yeah, because that's what working here is like
There's always going to be stuff to do that. It's never a concern
I mean, that's what that's what work is like luke. Yeah, I don't make the freaking I was reading a uh, I was I was reading an article
They they surveyed a whole thing in a bad way because they surveyed a bunch of gen z and millennial people who have sort of
pioneered this concept of it's called lying flat in china or
Quiet quitting in north america of you know, the their their top priorities being
You know work-life balance as opposed to all these other things and then when they continue asking them questions
They're like, okay, right, but
Is that a is that a thing and they're like no
No, actually, I have a second job hustling because
You're bored. Well, no. No, it's just
Inflations out of control like it's it's not actually feasible. Yeah, like you have to you have to you have to bust your butt
And so it's this sort of aspirational thing
I
I don't know. It's uh, it's a it's a big it's a big challenge. It's one of those things where I feel like we
We do I think a pretty good job of trying to make it so that people
Don't have to work outside. They're 40 hours
Stuff right now by and large the way the world's going right now. It's it's not like that
Um, it's it has shifted from uh from uh from an employee's market to an employer's market
Like looking at what's going on with the big tech firms and the way that they're bringing everyone back to office
cutting perks laying off
Literally thousands sometimes tens of thousands of staff
I watched a video recently of a certain excessively rich person and it was like
How much is a banana if we know something else? That one is really funny. That was really funny very funny
But no, they were like, okay, if we take this person's net wealth in single
American dollar bills
So like one u.s. Dollar because I know a lot of other countries don't have that so making sure you know
And we stacked it like horizontally and try to wrap around the world. Yeah, how many times how far do we get?
You single u.s. Dollar bills like like the width almost. Yeah pressed against each other, right?
You almost make it the whole way around the world. Wow. It's just like
Does this make any sense like I don't know anyways, sorry, we'll get back on the tech topics
Oh, no, I think we're supposed to actually do a couple more merge messages
Ah, give us a merge message anyway. Yeah, come on. Give us a message. This one's from jordan. What's the longest you have ever worked in one shift?
Oh, I mean there was I knew that would get a giggle from luke peanut butter crackers
700 series launch 700 series launch. I'm pretty sure I was awake for like four days
See, I don't know. I've done some pretty I've done some pretty dumb stuff too
It depends on how we define work like we didn't use to classify sitting on a plane as work, but
We apparently do now
um
Yeah, it's it's complicated. Yeah. Yeah, it's it's complicated. Um
But I remember when david and I and uh someone from the business team came with us
I can't remember but we went to and from germany in like 30 hours like doorstep to doorstep
So that wasn't technically one shift, but good gravy
Was that ever intense because that's like an 11 hour flight or something like that or like nine hour flight
I can't remember exactly how long it is. We shot a video on the other side like we like we worked
And then we were back
Those those touch-and-go trips can be pretty exhausting. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah
I think that trip to germany was probably my worst
The worst recently was what we went through with the uh the channel hijacking though. I think it hasn't been that bad in a while
We try we actually try people are constantly why do you have so many people on staff?
Because we're trying because we are actually we're trying trying. Yeah
Not always easy
This is my this is i'm broken and this
This is my problem because you're like talking about how that's a victory
But for me those are all like my favorite memories. Yeah, but then I have to remember
That that's not normal. That's not realistic
Or that yeah, because I will break so I have to like
But I enjoy those so I kind of like it when it happens sometimes
Yeah, but I don't like it probably shouldn't happen too often or I'll
I'm old now. I can't do that all the time, but I do like you're old. I'm getting there
I'm getting there. I'm starting to feel it
The recovery time from things is getting long. Oh, yeah. Oh, it doesn't get better. That's the main thing that I'm noticing
I'm not a lot else is really that you know, but if I if I go too far
It's like, okay. I need to rest
I'll be like, I'll be good in like a day and then it's like a week passes and I'm like, I'm still feeling it. Yep
Yep. Yeah, it's not it's not gonna get better from here on out. I'll tell you that much
30s rough 35s worse
nice
I uh, I had my badminton training session last night
My Thursday night session
I didn't message you this because luke was messaging me the week prior. I think telling me how much water he drank at one of his things
so in
two
hours and 20 minutes
I drank two and a half of these that is 100 ounces of water
And let me put it this way. I didn't go pee
I am
F***ing annihilated right now. Like I am so sore and so tired
I don't know what he was trying to do to me. I told him I was like, david
I'm going to taiwan to play badminton every day and cover a trade show
Why are we doing all smash practice today?
We've been planning this video for a long time and things just keep coming up
But we'll we will do it where we're gonna go to the gym and I I at no point in time
Have actually known what the like point was or what we're like actually supposed to do
So I've had I've just in my head. I've had these various ideas for like a while
Just different like
Ah, maybe we'll do this. Maybe we'll do that and then eventually I was like, you know
I was hoping this is going to be a recurring thing and it's not going to be so I'm just going to like
hurt him
What I'm just going to make it
so hard
That like he's just going to wake up the next day and not be able to move and then I was like
I like enjoyed this idea and then I was like, no, I can't because like we're too old now
If we were back when we first started doing this that would have probably been fine
Yeah, if this was 10 years ago, we probably would have both been fine
But now if I do that, it's like
Actually going to be a problem and you'd probably make me do it with you. So we'd both just be wrecked for like ever
Okay, well, I can't do that. So back to the drawing board. It's like, all right
All right, why don't we jump into our next topic here?
No one wants to buy the rtx 4060 ti in spite of my best efforts after taking a back alley deal from nvidia to promote their new gpu
slash s
Nvidia's new rtx 4060 ti has been met with low consumer interest many retailers
Only ordered a few cards per store and in some areas, especially europe
They're already offering the cards for 10 to 25 dollars below the recommended retail price
And this is probably because in europe the recommended retail prices are particularly brutal
Because nvidia apparently doesn't attend the xc.com school of how currency conversion works
Um at the same time though nvidia's market valuation increased by 30 percent
Yeah, 30 percent their stock went up in the last
Two days or something like that due to high demand for llm chips. So a large language model chips. Well like machine learning chips
Nvidia don't give a f*** about gamers anymore
It's so annoying because like yeah, they had crypto stuff
And then that sort of died and we were like, yeah come back to us come crawling back, baby
And they're back for like what not even a year
I then they're like, oh new wave to ride. Let's go like oh come on
Oh well
Anyway amd, of course dropped prices on the 7600 xt down to 269 only 36 hours before launch
Okay, I'd actually like to talk about that
We had a whole stick for that video where the intro was going to be amd
I'd be happy to help you learn how to benchmark gpu so that you can price your cards appropriately
And we actually left in part of it and then we kind of went records got
amd changed the price of the card
If all I don't want us to get too good guy amd
About them bringing this card out at a price that is somewhat reasonable
Because it's somewhat reasonable because yeah a it's only somewhat reasonable
It's in line with the rest of their lineup, which
They did you know get aggressive on a little bit, but that's only to
You know deal with the fact that gpu demand is apparently like at a historic low right now or something like that
Like this is not out of the goodness of their hearts
And b they only did it at the last second
Like very last second changing the price of a gpu a day and a half before it's
It's public launch
Is a colossal
Undertaking because they have to basically redo all the contracts that they have with their board partners
Right they have to they have to go and do like a whole bunch of paperwork and I mean
I imagine the account accounting department would absolutely hate this right
um
And I want us to not lose track of the fact that if they were able to price it at 269
36 hours from launch
They could have priced it at 269
days from launch
There is nothing about the cost of this card that necessitated the 299 price that they originally
announced to the press
nothing
Clearly and it was only due to some kind of
Probably intense pressure that they would have made a last minute change like this
So I'm I'm annoyed I find it extremely disrespectful
They're like these good guy buy association
Because the other guy's worse. Yeah, well, it's more just like
They could have just done this
They could have they could have been you know pro consumer
They could have cared about consumer value in the first place and they could have
Had it at a good price
But they didn't there's clearly a lot of internal forces at amd
That wanted this card to be priced as high as the market could possibly bear
And it was only at the last second that they ultimately made the decision to back down
And it's extremely disrespectful to everyone else who's involved in the launch of a product like this including media partners
And I know there's going to be the people out there whose takes you know what?
Yeah, maybe I will just start shadow banning because they're phenomenally stupid
But whose takes on this are going to be
Oh, wow complaining about free GPUs
Do you think I need a 7600 XT? Do you think that meaningfully changes my life?
This is this is our our job is to
Make these reviews so that people know what to buy that's that's the whole point
And then the way that that symbiotic relationship works with the manufacturers is if they make a good product
Then as long as we are independent and trusted that will dramatically improve their sales
And the second we're not independent and trusted it will have no impact whatsoever
So it's in their interest to support an independent media, right?
And so when they don't give us the tools to do our jobs properly
Well, it's disrespectful to us and it's also disrespectful to you guys
There was a not insignificant probability that if any outlet, you know, had a family emergency or something like that
they wouldn't be able to
Get the proper message out to their viewers now the good news is that for any written outlet a price change is
theoretically pretty easy to adjust
You just kind of go oh
Okay, uh control h299
269 have replaced but because it's so dramatically changed the value proposition of this card, which is a value
Tier card. I wouldn't say budget, but definitely it's it's about the value
You're not buying a 7600 x t because you're going for the utmost in performance
You want bang for the buck, right? And it it changed
it changed the
Angle of the video a lot and for video that's even harder to adjust because you need to change the script
Then you need to reshoot it. We actually had to fully reshoot that video
The only reason that we reused some of our original shoot was because
I just kind of thought it was funny to
Have my outfit changed sporadically throughout throughout the video
Yeah, yeah, okay. Oh, okay. This is great in our in our notes here
It says communication of the drop was scattered and some reviews did actually go up based on the original price
which is
Not a proper service to to you the viewer
AMD's board partners seem to have stuck with the 270 price with the exception of the
ROG Strix OC edition at three hundred forty dollars
Um, and then Best Buy has made the interesting choice to price multiple models of the 7600 at 380
And that's probably because they haven't actually gotten
Written signed confirmation of any kind of rebates that they might be getting on these cards that they probably
Got allocation of completely site unseen not knowing what the pricing was or they got the original pricing only for it to change later
Intel apparently though took the opportunity to slash the a750 to 199
That's actually a pretty interesting price
AV1 encoding
Solid 1080p performance and with being able to stream like
There's a very strong argument at that price for streamers grabbing that just as their their streaming card
Yeah, 200 bucks
Man, that's a lot of hardware for 200 bucks
Meanwhile
Meanwhile Nvidia wants a hundred dollars for just eight gigs of the ram on that card
And if it doesn't sell man, I just don't think they're gonna give any Fs
They're so busy the LLM cards. Whatever. They're so busy selling every wafer. They can book at TSMC right now
Yeah, they're gonna like AI startups. I just don't book more time. Yeah, who cares?
Yeah, whatever just shift production to to teslas or whatever. Yeah
Or a a whatever they they call it these days. I think the tesla branding is gone, but
Was it a 4000 is that right?
Uh, no, I think it's something else because a 6000 or something like that
I I can't I can't remember anymore because it seems like they have intentionally made their product stack just completely
Unintuitive. Yeah, why did they take away the quadro name? It was so good
Yeah, and then they had like two different generations of workstation card that have the same model
The only thing that they did that I didn't like was they would have like weird like best buy exclusive generations and then skip
Over them for everybody else. That was the only thing basically all the rest of it was fine
Just leave it alone. Oh now now nvidia's naming is
Yeah, now it's a mess that so is amd's for that matter
I I I have gained a renewed interest in amd's cards because they're just a killer value right now from about
180 dollars up to realistically like 450 500 bucks
And so as part of that scrapyard
GPU war thing where I was trying to get the the best bang for the buck gpu for around the price of a 4060 ti at retail
I ended up doing a bunch of research into amd cards that I hadn't really paid much attention to
Their product stack is a mess
They have a 6600 a 6600 x t and then they have a 6650 x t
But then in the 7000 generation, they're not doing 50s
They're doing x t x for the more better for one and i'm just i'm looking at this going
What that what the hell is going on sometimes you have an x t sometimes you have a 50 sometimes
The x t is a huge jump sometimes the 50 is a big jump, but they're both x t's
I cannot wait
for the lab
To just have a database
Where I can just go okay get that game at that resolution and just show me all of them
Please
Lab i'm so ready. I haven't I haven't told them yet, but one of the things that I would like for us to do never mind
GPU reviews
One of the things that I would like for them to do is have enough test benches
Oh, yeah, that we can run in that we can run in parallel and we can basically like
Once a year
Maybe twice a year if we can make it automated enough
We just throw every card back on
Run it with the latest drivers and just have this database be
Up-to-date
So you can just compare
Functionally anything with a pcie slot. I have I have vaguely mentioned this and I saw hearts shatter
But I'm sure we'll get there eventually I think it'll I just think it'll take a long time
They just need more test benches
I mean if it if it gets as simple as we can use machine vision to
To set up the infrastructure behind all that is going to be like pretty intense
Yeah, but that sounds like videos to me
Like I said, it's very
I believe we can get there
Um, but I don't expect it soon. That's all I'm saying. They got a lot. They got a lot of stuff going on
There's a lot of moving parts in that their lab
Yeah
Yeah, I'm I'm excited man. It's gonna be it's gonna be awesome
I had someone ask in float plane chat today if we would make content about cards
Like pretty deep into their life cycle talking about their performance on new drivers
I I don't think that that's something that you're going to see very often. I don't think the content
on ltt
But I think that's something where the lab could end up
digging up, you know cool outliers like
Man, how how would we train it to look for?
you know weird
Anomalies like you know
Hey flag it for us if this card has increased in performance by more than 20 percent if we've tested it in the past
Yeah
That would help a lot because then if a test is like
Way outside of expected change then we would know
Yeah, I guess so
And we're gonna have to have like weekly meetings with the lab kind of like, okay. What have you tested? What what's interesting?
um, I had a meeting with james today about sort of what our
What our channel strategy is going to look like going forward and it's it's like it's kind of like
Content kind of rolls down a hill sort of thing
So ltt started out as simple basic like reading the packaging unboxings essentially
and then it turned into
More like testing and reviews and then it turned into bigger
Projects and became very personality driven and now it's sort of reached
Yeah, I would say it's it's reached kind of an end game as far as that goes
And then we identified that there was this
Content gap that we were no longer filling and we went. Oh, okay. How about short circuit then?
Short circuit will now do the the simple easy cheapo unbox. Okay. No, we're gonna start adding data to short circuit
Let's make that more like a review. Okay, but then what about these simple unboxings?
Well, you know what we're gonna have data for those two and then we're gonna do these category specific channels
I think you guys might be
Disappointed when you see the production values of these. Oh, yeah
Every single power supply that ever exists. It might just be hands
Unboxing some very basic b-roll. We might have to find a way to essentially cut these with ai
And then have an editor go in and fix there are ai video editing tools
Like it might be pretty basic
But if our if our goal is to you know
Have a video that could belong on every single product page on new egg or something like that in the longer term here
Realistically how how much? Um
How much more is there going to be for us to say about the 13?
500 or the 13 400 core i5
I
Man i'm gonna be really interested to see
What we'll be able to do with a labs datasheet a large language model
And a writer to kind of go in and clean it up. It's gonna need that. Um
Where we basically just go okay feed the llm
all the performance data and specs of this product and
everything within
50 dollars of it on either side
and
Uh, you know the top tier from that generation
Yeah, what would it spit out would it say compared to amd's whatever it's like this and that's still
30% worse than the best intel has to offer but it like if we if we gave it enough samples
Like if we wrote them manually to start and then fed that to it would it be able to
To generate anything usable. I don't even know
What could be kind of interesting is eventually if we have like site analytic like a user
How people use the labs website?
Analytics that are good. We could use that to fuel content direction
Like if we start noticing a ton of people start comparing some certain cards or whatever
We could be like maybe content time
That's pretty cool. I do stuff like that. Okay. I'm liking that
Not yet. Not yet. It's gonna take time. Yeah, that's fine. We've got time. We've got money speaking of which lttstore.com
And speaking of which our sponsors the show is brought to you today by vessy
Are you thinking of stepping down like Linus?
Well instead of stepping down you should step up with vessy's boardwalk slip-on sneakers. Thanks, Dennis
With a classic design vessy insurers. You'll be looking stylish all year round
They're patented dimotex technology keeps their shoes breathable and lightweight
And when the rain does start to fall you'll surely appreciate their claim of 100 waterproof protection
Check out the vessy boardwalk and other styles at vessy.com slash linus tech tips and use code
ltt to get 15 off your entire order
The show is also brought to you by
Signalwire are you tired of slogging through complex code just to implement sms voice or video capabilities into your projects?
Well signalwire makes your life easier by adding essential communications capabilities to your applications
Without needing a computer science degree signalwire was created by the team behind free switch
One of the world's largest open source communication platforms
And it makes it simple to add in features like interactive voice menus call routing speech recognition and more
And if you're ever stuck they provide 24 7 us based support
Get a 25 dollar credit with code when 25 when you sign up at signalwire.com slash when
You can use this credit to purchase phone numbers build an interactive voice response register messaging campaigns or route phone numbers to your personal phone
The show is also brought to you by oh, this is a super cool monitor
I am actually considering okay. I'll read the talking points at some point
But I'm pretty close to swapping out my 120 hertz 16 by 9 for this thing at home
I've had it in on my test bench in the garage ever since we did the review
and
Every time I'm out there. I'm just like
Yeah, I should just bring this inside
And it's it's it's done little things
Like okay, it's some done not done little things being able to adjust the angle is super cool
Um, it's 240 hertz instead of 120 like the one that I'm using or it's either 120 or 144
Anyway, it's a little smoother
And a big one is that it would mean that if I want to start streaming again more regularly
My camera could be in a way better position. Yeah
A big big 16 by 9 monitor is actually not that great for webcam positioning. Yeah. Anyway, sorry talking points blah blah
45 inch
1000 nit peak brightness
Three-year warranty with burn in protection and you can check it out at the link in the video description
Oh, okay, that's not creepy at all cool
Oh my goodness
Hey, Dan. I'm happy. Hey, Dan spots are back. Hey, Dan
We don't know what to do. Tell us what to do. Tell us what to do three messages
Okay, well, then why didn't you just read a merge message? Yeah, Dan. Yeah
It's gonna be less effective trying to yell at it when we're in taiwan. Yeah, that's true
Oh, yeah, we're gonna next week is gonna be the taiwan show
Oh
Why do I think of that? Oh
Uh, yeah, okay, fine. Uh, we'll do some merge messages if you insist
Uh, okay, uh another dan has a question for the talent
Uh ltx is coming soon and with the whale land. I would like to hear your tips for traveling with land gear
Oh, man. I mean gpu out. Yeah, it takes a gpo never
Never put your tower down below if you can avoid it
It's a strong argument for yeah like in the luggage check
Like if you can if you can small form factor it and bring your computer with you
I man, I would try flying but at the very least
Take your gpu out of the system pack it up with stuff
We did a video
I forgot about this
Um
Linus how to pack your pc
Here hold on a second
How to not smash your pc gaming rig packing and moving guide. This was
This must have been more than three years ago. Hold on just a gosh darn second here. What's the exact date on this?
Yeah, july 1st 2019. This was in the lead up to
LTx the last time we did it look at this hair
um
And the whole idea was that we were going to be doing a big land and we wanted people's computers to make it safely
So we show you guys all these ways that you can pack up your computer safely
Oh, yeah, this stuff is really good. Yeah. Yeah, yeah
Yeah, so that's that's a whole video that only got a million views
But hey, I think we just got a nice little bump from the 500
People who are coming to whale land. Yay small bump little bump. All right. Hit me dan
Dll with how much you guys work when show lasting four to five hours
How do you manage a good work slash family balance?
Um
Well, I'm supposed to be home already
So that I can spend a bit of time with my wife before I go to the airport what times our flight
2 a.m. 2 a.m. So I fly out in six hours takes quite a while to get there. Um, it's been a challenge
Yep, uh, but but I schedule time for family
So every every week I
Um, I go to my daughter's martial arts class with them. So I help participate in the class
Um, also I do badminton training with my kids like I I'll play with them
Um, you know, whether it's like family game night or board games or movie night or whatever else
You know, we make sure that we do those things at least a couple times a week
We weren't swimming on the weekend like you just have to schedule it
I think is is the typical response you'll hear from busy people
Get it on the schedule. Um
And the funny thing about it is that like
My parents were super busy, but I didn't really think about it until I became a parent
Like you you remember like, oh, yeah, we would go to
You know playland or we would do this or we would do that and you think bad and you're going. Yeah
We did that like four times. Um, like kids memories are funny and I I think my kids think I spend a lot of time with them
Actually, so it's it's good
You know bedtime stories making sure that you kind of catch them at least once a day
And and do something with them. I think it's really important
My life is a lot easier. Don't have kids. I do I am hoping to
Have some on a time at home though because my birds have been away all week. Have I told you this at all?
Okay, so when I was in houston doing one of the coolest things I've ever done in my darn life, um
We boarded the birds at the vet. It's pretty common
For people to board their birds at vets when they go away
Is it common for the vet to not bother taking care of their birds at all? Yeah, uh, so there's a continuation of that story
Oh, they have mites
Your birds have mites that they got
Are you sure at the vet?
Okay, I shouldn't joke
I'm too pissed to find it funny. It was pretty good, but I'm very angry right now. So I didn't it didn't seriously
They have vet mites. Yeah, so we contacted the vet and they were like, oh, yeah
So we had our second infestation of mites ever in our like entire history and they're they've been around for a very long time
Yeah, this is like the worst ever and things are bad. Bring them back and we'll take care of them
Scoop the blue and white one
was anemic
And birds are you know humans are like mostly water birds mostly air they have like no mass to them, right?
So if it's anemic
That's really bad real bad. So it was like good care of your birds last time
So so big concern
And they're they're probably home right now
Actually, so I'm hoping to see them for some amount of time before we leave
Because I am
Big screechy man that wants to see little tiny boarb before I go away for two weeks
You're a good bird dad
Yeah, I don't think I could be as attached to a bird as you seem to be to your bird
Else I don't have kids. Yeah. Well, I think it's one of those things where oh boy
This is oh, this is going to be a hot day. We should do the next merge message as a parent
I often hear people, you know, like dog people. Oh, yeah, I know it's not people talk about how much it's like kids
Oh, no, and I'm just like
Nope
It's an animal. Yeah, you feel that way because you don't have kids
Like I thought I loved cats
a lot
and like now i'm like
Oh
No, it's just a cat
Okay, I mean I like my cats
And you can care about maybe love them a little
But it's it's not the same. Emma and I actually have this conversation like often
And I'm like no like they're cool. I care about them a lot
I will do a lot for them, but you only have that much energy for your dog because
Yeah, no, it's just a dog. I'm sorry. Yeah, and like dogs are cool
Super cool. My birds are fantastic. Yep. Love my cats
But and we went through a lot. Okay. Here's the here's the fun part. You'll know how much I liked doing this
Uh, they sent us this huge pdf about like, okay, so you had mites
Um, because now we had mites in our house, right? Yeah, and we found them my girlfriend found them because they were crawling on the blanket
So it's not they weren't they're not just on the birds. They're not just in the cage
They are now in our house
So it's like this is how you deal with things now that you have mites in your house
And they're like you will effectively never get rid of this infestation
Some of the reasons why are they'll get into like your couch and you can't get them out of your couch
Guess what my response was
Let's see how well
Well, I just can usually pin me pretty well, but this one was interesting. So we'll see
To get rid of mites
Ah
arson
Um, because you can't get it out of certain things. So like well, yeah, my computer chair is right next to the cage
They sit they sit literally right here
The couch is literally right on the other side of that the solution to this
There's a carpet that was right beside them as well
I mean, no, you have to have just hauled it out immediately. Yep. Yeah
Yeeted my couch my computer chair and my giant carpet. Thanks vet
So my how you walk into my house and it echoes now, right?
Like I actually yeeted like half of the furniture that I own
And I'm gonna leave on this trip and come back and have no computer chair
Sick. I have like a dining room chair like I'll be fine. But like
What a pain in the butt. Oh my god. I'm so annoyed. Anyways
Ah good one. Okay, I get I get a courtesy chuckle for that one
This is great. I can't believe the vets didn't tell you bro
Bro, I I'm I think I think I'm gonna start implementing my shadow banning
Uh, I got a got a twitch message loving a self-reproduction of yourself is the height of hubris
That is actually not what a kid is
You're a f***ing idiot miniature line has cloned
Like actually
Like actually your brain is bad
Oh
It's like you can't have that bad of a take
Because your your brain couldn't possibly get there from a place of being remotely functional
Um
Without it actually being real like that's that's kind of how it works
Oh my god
Next message is that how many more?
We will not have enough you got 10 minutes. Yeah, hit me again. Uh eight sleep. Should we talk about that?
Yeah, you gotta talk about it at some point some viewers were upset that eight sleep who sponsored a video last week requires a mandatory
Subscription I do want to put an asterisk on here because I've talked about eight sleep on the show a few times
I'm about how I have one and how I like it a lot
I I'm 99.9 percent sure it was not a mandatory. No, we could talk about that. It is. Oh, yeah
No, when I bought mine. Yeah back then so
It requires a mandatory subscription for at least a year to their premium features and it's really expensive
Just as a note to their premium features with the purchase of their temperature controlled
mattress topper the product super basic feature
Heating slash cooling works without the subscription
There's nothing forcing users to continue to buy it after the first year
At our request eight sleep has agreed to double their discount offer from 150 to $300 to cover the cost of the subscription
And we've let them know that we won't be working with them moving forward
Unless they make changes to their subscription model and commit to an open source transition should the company go out of business
Hopefully that helps address things with you guys
I got to be honest with you the reason that I didn't know this was a problem is because I'm using my eight sleep topper
Without a subscription because I looked at the features of the subscription and what I wanted it for and I went
Yeah, not really worth it. And it was optional back then
And I didn't realize that you had to buy the year of subscription
Honestly, I think they could have just messaged this better if the price was just higher
And it included the first year of subscription free boat like that's
Exactly, then I don't think anybody would have the people would have said it was expensive
But they wouldn't have called it
You know evil or predatory or whatever else
Um, so anyway, it is really expensive without with or without the subscription. Whatever it is very expensive. Yeah, it's very expensive
But hey, thanks eight sleep for dealing with it in terms of how the discount code works
It's cool that they did that and hopefully
These guys will make a commitment to ensure that these things don't turn into
You know, just 35 pounds of just e-waste
Um, if the company were to ever go out of business with that said given how much their subscription costs
I think it'd be a real challenge for them to go out of business. Um, but as expensive as it is
like
I like the product and a lot of people were posting misinformation too though
They were saying that without the subscription you can't use the app
That is not true. That's correct. Um, I do not just doesn't do autopilot
Which is the auto adjusting feature, right? I don't have a subscription
My phone is almost dead. So you can barely see my battery saver screen or whatever
But this is my this is my dashboard. That's rough my temp dial
My temp dial I get that almost every day as well. Definitely works
Oh, oh my sleep. Pay attention. Yeah score of 26
Yeah, well
I mean
What do you want from me? I yeah, I don't sleep well
Uh, but anyway, uh, yeah, my temp dial works and
It will adjust throughout the night, but it doesn't adjust based on my body temperature
So I just have to kind of dial it into what I like and the challenge there is that if you are not in a temperature controlled space
Like my my house has climate control
Right, if you're not in a temperature controlled space, then it could be a lot more important to have the automatic thing
But then presumably you aren't paying for climate control
So
I see why people were upset and that's why we've gone to them and said, okay, look here's our list of demands
But I also do see the value of the product. It's not
Oh, I've actually done pretty good lately. I've got you beat 74. That's that's very good for me. Wow. Good job, luke
Thank you. Uh for the last uh for the last five days
I have a sleep score of 26
41 80
37 44
And uh, I have a a full 100 from last sunday
Um, yeah
That's pretty good
Man, I slept till like 11 30 though. So that's yeah, that explains that
Uh, my my kids let me sleep in that day
Well, you want to talk about next. Oh, right. We should also talk about that other sponsor snafu this week on tech quickie
Where we had that sponsor that was like a like a neck cooler thing. Oh, I heard about this. Okay
I tried it
It's like kind of cool pun intended
But it's a kickstarter, right or something. Yeah, so that I didn't
know
Um, so I've reiterated to the team
Hey, we can't really do kickstarter indiegogo stuff. However, the reason they let it through is not entirely stupid either
This is a company that basically uses
crowdfunding campaigns as a marketing vehicle
So, you know how even though we don't talk about products on indiegogo or whatever, but i'm constantly covering ianio
Well, they their product development just happens anyway. Yes, and they use it's kind of it's almost like marketing at that point
so this company has also got a very similar history of just
Releasing products via crowdfunding campaign as a marketing vehicle. So that's why they made the call
But the issue here, I think was that there were a very rando company
That our viewers were not familiar with at all and therefore didn't have that trust built up at all
And so we got a fair amount of pushback on that and rightly so
also the talking points were
Stupid and I talked to the business team about that as well
Like one of the talking points was that the fan is ai controlled
And i'm like if your fan is ai controlled you did it wrong because you're powering an ai processor in your in your
Like neck cooler that should probably be using that power for cooling your neck and just have a simple fan curve on it, right?
So I talked to them about how we can't just
Take silly talking points at face value
We have to make sure that we are communicating things in a way that is representative of the actual product
What does the product do? It cools your neck. It kind of feels like
Having like a chili water bottle
around your neck like this
You know what?
I like it
Is it going to be the difference between, you know going out in 45 celsius heat and being immediately comfortable?
I think it's I think it's fair if if it's a company without a proven track record and it's a it's a kickstarter indiegogo level
Preorder, I think that part's fair. But like you said, you didn't know it was that so I don't know
So yeah, I mean I only I only found out about this
After it was already a controversy
But I think you know what things like this are going to happen more and more and I'm just going to have to kind of
Get used to it as chief vision officer
I'm probably going to end up running damage control more often as opposed to less often
If part of the goal here is for me to not be
Like hour by hour involved in absolutely everything that this company does because it's just it's not possible anymore
Theoretically, hopefully we have less though like for a change
Hold on. What were the two controversies? There was the okay the eight sleep one
I had something to do with but I didn't know all the details and to the business team's credit
They did tell me that there was some kind of controversy around the subscription
And I waived it away because I kind of went well. Yeah, but like I don't know. I use it without the subscription. Who cares?
Whoops, right, but then this other one with the weird neck cooler thing. I actually didn't know anything about it until the whole thing was done
And I'm just going to have to
Like get used to it, I guess. Yeah
So we're going to make some mistakes. We had this conversation
Yvonne and I had this conversation today where she was talking about
I was I was talking about
This thing that we're implementing and security issues around it and like who should be able to have what level of access to various things
if you're not
and she was kind of just
thinking out loud about how
it's
Interesting and in some ways difficult but in some ways good whatever like just kind of thinking out loud about the idea that it's not
Always just Linus of Vaughn
Run everything all the time anymore
It's weird we can't yeah, it's not possible. Nope. It's like a bright out like almost 120 people. We added like two more people on Monday
What yeah
The the Monday morning meeting like always has a picture in it these days
like always
Well, you're not helping no
Mine were all pre-approved bro. Mine were all pre-approved like last year
I don't deny it
Should we talk about the invisible pc setup?
Uh, yes, yes
Invisible mouse
invisible keyboard
hologram monitor
This channel is actually amazing. This is the only thing I've seen but it was awesome and I
Oh, no, he did this like super tiny one too and specifically called me out to beat it
And I was like, I can't what am I gonna do you've taken this to
completely
Um, yeah, this was sick. I actually didn't even know that's kind of funny
I didn't know this was gonna be in the dock. I watched like a short I think on it
And then was like, man, I wish I could see the whole thing. So now I need to watch the whole video
Okay, I see so yeah, the the keyboard is like embedded in the table, but there isn't a mouse
Which is interesting because there's products like that
He could have used the same technology for the keyboard, but I actually am happy that he didn't
Because there are limitations to it
Right
Adjustable sense. Oh my goodness
This is amazing. That looks so insane
Absolutely next that looks like something from like a
A movie on like future tech and ai from like the early 2000s. Yeah, you know where they fake it
But he actually did it. Yeah, you guys are gonna have to watch crazy. You should absolutely check it out
That's super cool
All the stuff that's embedded in here the zero gram invisible mouse. I love the gaming memes
fantastic
Wow
Okay, I'm going to have to super cool. Can we can we can people post the link to that in chat or something?
Of course. Oh, I mean, I can just do it. Cool. Yeah. Yeah people are asking for the link. Yeah. Yeah, don't worry. I don't worry
I got you guys. I got you guys
Basically homeless go check out the the super tiny one as well
I gotta watch more of his stuff
Because that was really one of those channels like diy perks where like he doesn't publish that much
Um, so it's easy. I freaking love diy products like like that. Oh, yeah. Yeah, we're just like they're not
They're not prolific publishers like we are but every time they drop. It's a banger. It's a banger
YouTube chat. I bet it's a poor experience
That is not the point
This is why I never look at youtube chat
Oh
Actual unwashed masses jk. I love you youtube chat. Yeah, at least you're not as bad as twitch chat. There you go. Boom
Got him. Okay
Uh rip cortana. Do we only have one way an afterdark? We have five minutes
Okay, the national eating disorders association replaced their helpline
with a chat bot
They've replaced all hotline workers and volunteers with a chat bot
Four days after the workers voted to unionize
If you thought ai is not coming for my job
And you worked for the national eating disorders association
You no longer think that you were objectively
Incorrect. This is absolutely
mind-blowing and this is
The the the leading edge
But this is the tip of the wave that's coming
The hotline workers included a handful of paid staff as well as around 200 volunteers
The employees demands did not include pay raises
They asked for higher staffing levels and ongoing training to deal with staff burnout and ballooning wait times
Um netta has used the chat bot called tessa since february of 2022
It is not based on chat gpt and does not make decisions or grow it follows predetermined pathways
Based on the knowledge of the researchers who made it. So this is an old school chat
I I went into this assuming it was an ai chat bot. This is an old school chat bot
Like the thing that helped you with that better or worse your lego thing probably better because like okay
At least it won't hallucinate. Yes
The reason why I freaked out about this was remember when we had that conversation forever ago about the ai that
It convinced the dude to kill himself. Yeah, join them or whatever. I always worried that type of stuff would happen
Um, but it like won't happen with this type of system
Yeah, but while many users have rated the bot as helpful
Its creator has stated that it is not an adequate replacement for a human staffed help. Yeah, so that all sounds right
Man helpline volunteers were asked to act as testers for the chat bot instead of providing one on one
report to callers
70 000 people last year wow
So wait, what what actually happened because it said they did this they've been doing this since february 2022
So did they do this back in february 2022 or what what changed?
No, no, they've just had it now. It's just all that's available. So they just dropped everybody. Yeah. See you later. Wow
Um, this this is kind of wild the google play store has suspended the app downloader a
Popular app for side loading on android tv following a dmca takedown from several israeli tv companies who complained that the app is
capable of loading piracy websites
Yeah, that face is uh about how you should be feeling about this right now
Downloader is essentially a combination of a web browser and file manager
That allows android tv owners to easily download files from the internet onto their device
It can display piracy websites. Yes
But only to the same degree that any other web browser can display piracy websites
So they need to remove chrome from the play store
Yeah
The specific piracy site that was noted in the complaint sidaro sidara
I don't know has received injunctions from israeli and u.s federal courts
However, it is still online and can still be accessed in google chrome
Prior to the takedown downloader had been downloaded over five million times. Yo dawg. I heard you like downloading
So I put a downloader in your downloads. Yeah, it doesn't matter. Um google has rejected the developer's appeal to reverse the decision
It's still available on the amazon app store and the developer's own website where you can side load it, I guess
But if it's for side loading can
Can we just
Can we just stop letting tech illiterate people make legal decisions about tech? Is that something we can do?
Do we have that power?
Then again, you let big tech be in charge of it and they're just going to walk all over everybody anyway
It's not going to be better. Yep. Oh
Yep
Oh man, that's really stupid
Like how many points did your IQ drop just hearing this the what was remaining I'll say
Um
Let's move on. We don't have that much time. Yeah, fine. Do we have any time for more?
Was arrested for posting monetizing and posting and monetizing copyrighted content
The 52 year old youtuber was accused of uploading and monetizing a playthrough of the visual novel stein's gate
My darlings embrace a romantic comedy dating sim without permission from the developer
They had likewise posted videos that contained footage from anime series. Uh, these were not full episodes
They were narrated summaries condensing the material which is a popular video genre in japan
A primary point of contention was the relatively long duration of the videos and the fact that they contained the game's ending
Meaning that they might act as a replacement for the original material seriously arrested
Bad precedent. Yeah
And this kind of seems to explain why nintendo doesn't
Understand how the entire rest of the world
Views fair use because my understanding is fair use like kind of doesn't really exist there. Is that
Yeah, at least not in the same way that it does here. I have no idea, but I don't think so
I have also heard some pretty intense arguments against people
Streaming or making let's plays or whatever of visual novels specifically. Is that what this was? Yeah, I was reading some
Yeah, because oh no romantic comedy dating sim, but yeah
Seems to be very story driven
Yeah, okay
So i'm gonna go on a tangent I guess and just say for visual novels specifically because this is a thing on like steam and stuff
People have been pretty against it because you're basically live streaming
flipping the pages in a book
And you're showing all the pages in the book
Right like they're they're actually is not any other content. You're not playing the game, right?
So I don't know this one sounds like it's not that but that's just like I know that's a
An argument that's going on. Yeah, jake from the lab who I think lived over there for a few years
Says this is an interesting one as japanese copyright law
Dictates that the owners need to aggressively defend their copyright kind of like how trademark laws work here
So this may not actually be
Something that the developer the developer necessarily wants to do but if they want to keep their copyright
That's it
Oh, seriously activision shuts down community run servers for legacy cod
See you later
Sees and desist from activision. So the problem is that those community servers
Were the only safe way to play those games because activision is not keeping their own servers up to date
so you can
something something
Attack people through activision servers because they're not secure
I don't know all the details, but I know it's like bad and they implemented their own anti-cheat
Which is super cool. This is for the original modern warfare 2. Yeah, it's like way better
Ah a possible cause for their legal action is the fact that one of xlab's setup guides contained a link to an illegal copy of the game
Well, that's bad, but then they should have just said take that down
Yeah, but then I can see why they don't want to micromanage this. Yep. Yeah, I shouldn't have done that
So the modern warfare 2 steam page has seen a wave of negative reviews claiming that the game can no longer be safely played
That's true
Discussion questions. Is there a way for companies to defend their ip while allowing the community to take over old games?
If they're no longer interested in maintaining them. Yes, there is
Sort of because with supreme commander, which is super cool the way that fa forever exists
That was an ip that was no longer actively being developed. Whereas call of duty
is
So it's all fine and good as long as this
You know xlabs version of the server is good and nobody is getting infected or whatever
But as soon as they make a mistake. Well, whose liability is that? Yeah, but then you shouldn't it should be
Yeah, it's a messy topic. It's harry, but they should not
There should be some form of recourse for them selling old games at full fat price
That are unplayable safely. Well, yeah for massively extended periods of time
I think you get like three bucks in your class action. Uh pale. Yeah
Yep, just never matters
And youtube killed stories
I am never getting a stories function on my foldable device
Because youtube turned off the feature or is turning it off june 26th
That is the last date and apparently it's because almost no one uses them. I mean they got a lot of views
Um back when you know, they were a thing
But they want people to use community posts which appear to be gaining traction and upload shorts
So there you have it
I'm never getting stories and I guess that's okay because it didn't really matter except that there were some really cool things
You could do with stories like we're applying to comments with a story
Sometimes it's not convenient to type out a thing on my phone and I'd like to just I had pitched to them
Hey, how about expanding stories so that it's a feature that exists more like in the comments under a video
So, uh, you know a comment that got a lot of upvotes
I'd be able to just click a button in my creator app and record a quick response to it
And it could just live there like there are absolutely cool ways that uke's thing
I want to talk about is our 45,000 watt fan
Okay, think about that number. Yeah, do I know 45,000 watts? Yeah, I've seen it
Did you see it in operation? No
How long was it in operation?
scary
Probably a total of about
10 15 minutes
Oh, wow
Because that's as long as we can power it for yeah
It is it actually draws so much power that we could not safely power it with the entire output of the transformer
In that unit
That's so insane
I'm just like
What that it generates so much thrust that it could almost hover with me sitting on it
Wow, it's going to be it's going to be a fun video. Do you know what they're used for?
I don't know. Oh, we probably should have talked about that
Uh, whoops
Whoops
Well, maybe okay, they have a bigger one. So maybe we'll talk about what they're for in the sequel
Okay, but we cool a computer with it
obviously
Yeah
I am genuinely interested to see what happens to the components or what you guys did to make it so that things wouldn't happen to them
Yeah, Alex either one of them Alex and kyle were involved. So, you know, I'm sure it's awesome completely stupid. Yeah. Yeah. I'm excited
Okay, all right time for wancho after dark
phew
Which is not that dark anymore
Because we had some feedback when we listen sometimes went after
slightly darker
Yeah, it's like barely even noticed. Yeah. Yeah, that's all right. Yeah, that's okay. Good job dan. You can tell
Now that was really dark when he walked right in front of the camera
Yeah, remember when dan used to remember when dan used to crawl under the camera and stuff and give it
I used to have production standards and they just
We broke him throw him away. I don't want to comb my hair anymore. Okay. Uh, murk merch messages, I guess. All right, cool
Uh, sure
Greetings from quebec since the warranty of my zed fold 3 is now over. I'm afraid to break it
What would you suggest as a user to keep it as long as possible?
p.s. When abc of gaming in french
Uh
Okay, so what would you suggest to keep as long as possible? I mean
Be careful with it. Um as for abc's of gaming in french
my french
Not good enough. Um
I mean, maybe we could try and hire a translate meant that would be a that would be a very difficult thing
To translate and maintain the meter. Yeah, because it like it rhymes and stuff. Yeah
Yeah, that's actually pretty rough. I'm like
There are songs that have been successfully translated from english to french and vice versa
I think that book would be really challenging having written the english one
It's almost a whole other book. Well, it also just contains like technical terminology for which the literal direct translation is just that word
But like en franais
Like with a french accent. So I sorry
What a a j one of our legitimately actually like francophone
team members the
Legitimately, do we have anyone else that I go? Oh, oh, no, there's uh, there's uh, there's other
A prime other elix
I think that's it. Yeah, I think it's a prime and demo. Yeah, okay. All right, never mind. Um
Anyway
No
Sorry
Antoine
Oh, yeah, yeah, he must speak french. So four I think
I don't know. Oh, uh, David speaks french. Uh, monsieur Gaultier. Oh, yeah. Yeah, so you'd think I would but no la frenire
Not even a little he doesn't even know what I just said
No, I do I do I speak french and then my last name
Okay, I know that much
That's actually like brushing on the limit
I
Know soda moose
Okay
Because it's on packages
Okay, that's why
There's no other reason wait like cream soda cream soda
I thought it was funny when I was a kid. How often do you even fucking drink cream soda?
I do not remember the last time but when I was a kid. I thought it was funny. So I remembered it
Okay, yeah, that's what you retain. Yeah
Okay
We need to we need to burn through some of these we have like no time
Yeah, luke
Cream soda, uh, hello
Hello linus and luke greetings from germany
I always wondered if you guys got in trouble or if sponsors frowned upon you guys using memes in your sponsored videos
It means like 69 or
420 every once in a while. We had uh, we had a video that was sponsored by
Someone I don't remember was it was it hp. I don't know anyway the the the the product was there z workstation 420
And we managed to slip a lot of pot jokes into it
But there was one particular shot where we actually put like a
A thing in the front grill of it and had it smoking
Like they had the computer smoking weed and that did not make it past the sensors
Oh, yeah, I remember that surprised in
Geez in general though. I think sponsors know what this is
Like if you don't do your due diligence watching a couple videos from a channel before you throw money at them
That's on you
I don't feel bad
Uh, any new house videos coming soon. I think it's the most engaging content on the channel
I don't know. Maybe if my pool ever gets finished speaking of which there's been a new development there
We've issued an ultimatum. Oh, they they they've been they they told us it was going to be two weeks to completion three weeks ago
We've had to reschedule our electrician four times
Because they keep just not showing up
Um, and so we basically said look, this is ridiculous
You'll be here on monday and you will be working continuously until the project is done or we're going public
Um, it's something I hate doing. I actually hate doing it
But this has actually been insane to the point of like should be criminal. I know it is. Oh, okay in my opinion
I don't need any libel or whatever. Yeah
um, but but they have they have
In my opinion from my experience
almost certainly broken multiple laws in the way that they've engaged with us and they deserve
I think
To never be in business again. Yeah at this point from what I've heard. I completely agree. Yeah, so
So if uh, if nothing happens on monday, I will uh, I'll see you guys on I'll see you guys next friday
And I'll let you know how it's going
There's another contractor that might be willing to pick up the job but
From from looking at another review of these guys even apparently it like took six months and was like pulling teeth to get a small job done
so
I don't know. I guess we'll see how it goes
Yeah, yeah
Hey dll picking up some merch for linus voice my wife. That's not linus voice. That's borat voice
But anyway, yes, you're gonna you're gonna do it. No, okay
With the growing size of ltt and improving markbench. What steps you're taking to ensure gpu reviews are free of errors?
so a couple things we've added so okay, so one is um as we improve our
machine vision capabilities
We are expecting to be able to monitor not just for anomalies in our results, but also anomalies in the
visuals of the game
That's something that one of our team members actually has some experience with from
testing mobile games at his previous job
And in the long term we would like to be able to
Evaluate the visual fidelity of features like dlss or fsr as part of the way that we present performance data for these gpu's
That's going to take a long time for now at the very least
We've implemented a a checking stage where the labs goes through the
Data and goes through the finished videos to make sure that the writing team didn't miss anything
Not because the writing team is dumb or incompetent, but because it's often just crunch for these videos and things can get missed
It's improved things a lot, but there's still room for us to continue to improve
Hey lld do you guys think any labs content will be at ltx personally?
I'd love to see some of the stuff y'all are working on demoed for example keyboard testing
That's a really good question and right now the answer is no. I don't think we have anything planned for ltx
I mean most of the labs equipment is pretty planted. Yeah, kind of bolted to the ground
Um, oh, yeah, I don't really know what to tell you it could be interesting. I know like uh
Packs had some multi-site stuff some years
Could be interesting one year to have like
Oh, this would be really hard. I don't think we could do it actually well. We're offering tours of the lab
as part of ltx
Yeah, so there's that
Think of like if we had if you had like another event
Which was like you could you could go through some testing at the lab
We're not close to there and that would be very hard. No, we're not be feasible. Yeah, I have no guarantees on that one
It'd be neat, but it's probably never gonna happen
Hey lld I often watch videos over discord screen share with friends some sites block screen sharing in this way
What is your opinion of this practice both as a consumer and as float plane executives? I totally get why people do it
Um, absolutely and also there is absolutely ways around it
How would you even block that
I mean, there's ways to oh, right block screen capture
Yeah, okay. Well anyway, um, I mean I can tell you something shows up on your screen. There is a way to capture it
Yeah, I mean
This is a tough one, right because as a consumer, I think it's super cool
It's one of the features that I actually pitched as something that would be really neat for float plane to have like native support for
Like native support for
But I can tell you now that the creator of whatever that is is not being compensated in any way for whatever that is
so
Take that for what it is, right? Um, if you if you if you're enjoying this content then
The idea there is that you
Should maybe think that the person who created it should be compensated in some way
Or not and that's that's kind of your call, right?
But that's what's happening and that's why they block it. Um, I don't think we're putting any effort into blocking it at this point in time, but
We're also not a small creative team and we're not sort of
Live or die depending on whether we get that $100 check this month or whatever else it is, right? So
We're quite diversified. Um, yeah, it's tough. You just you just got to
Think about what you're doing and understand the impact and make your call, right?
Yep
Linus, what's with all the fancier sillier wordlier videos lately?
Um, I don't know. It's just fun. It's just pure fun. I I like it
I like silly words. I like I like grabbing your attention. Look it worked
Yeah, I'm going to be in taiwan for the next two weeks. I wonder why uh, do you recommend somebody in the tech industry go to?
Computex for fun with their significant other or is it too formal? It's industry only
Um ces I or wait. No, is it ces is I can I can never remember for I'm pretty sure both of them
There is a way that you can buy a pass, but it's like
really really brutal well the
They say that I think they're in the tech industry already
So if you kind of like oh, they would just go you're in the tech industry. They don't have to go to taiwan right now
But you're not going to computex
But they would go to computex for oh, yeah, okay. Yeah, this is very strange. Oh, yeah. No, what yeah, of course. Yeah
Yeah, computex is fun. It's cool. It is. Yeah, go for it
See you there
Hello dan and dan's assistance to the wan show
I'm using the ltt screwdriver to perform jet engine maintenance currently
Where is the most interesting place you have found your merch being used?
I mean there was that time that skating olympian had our water bottle just like casually on tv on the olympics
Yeah, yeah, that was really cool
Trying to think there's got it. There's got to be some other cool stuff
Did any of the did any of the boys at nasa have any of our merch?
Uh, yeah, okay. That's cool. I didn't actually see it on site
But we weren't like where they were doing that type of stuff anyways. Yeah, that might make sense
um
That we've seen a lot of people review the screwdriver that do really cool stuff
We saw the guy that works on drift cars in japan. Oh, yeah
Uh, we we've seen a bunch of different people that do a bunch of random stuff that they need a screwdriver for it's been very cool
Yeah, it's a good screwdriver. What can I say? Yeah
There's a bunch in potential liners that are pretty specifically directed at you. Oh, yeah
It's directed at you that i've been able to answer for you, but not all them
Okay, toran asks would you ever do an ltt labs official quality certification for specific products like usb and hdmi?
Um, it depends we'd have to find a way to do it where it doesn't compromise the labs's vision
Which is to be a check and a balance on these
certification bodies and these product manufacturing bodies
Um, I think that you know something like the way that 80 plus operates
um theoretically is really good, but
in practice has
Um
I think been less
less effective over
More recent years and I think that's where cybernetics has had an opportunity to step in and provide a more meaningful certification program
So if we were going to do something I would just want to make sure that we're only doing it in an area
Where we have the the time and attention
To focus on making sure that we are the be all and end all of standards for that particular vertical
And that's a that's a really challenging thing to do
It's gonna it's gonna take a long time
So I can archive that now
Hey linus loved the show and all the best with your new role
I was wondering if there were any upcoming videos for channel super fun
Seems like it's on the back burner at the moment. The answer is
You are right
It is on the back burner at the moment. Dennis has transitioned into a new role
So there is not a formal channel manager for channel super fun right now. Unfortunately. It's just not been sustainable for us from a financial standpoint
That's business speak for
We were losing money on it
again
I don't know what it is. I I I always really enjoyed doing channel super fun when it was just
kind of hanging out and doing a weird challenge or whatever, but there's
There's a lot of things that come with being a bigger company that are not a lot of fun
um channel super fun
relied on
just kind of spontaneity and
uh people participating just for the sheer
Fun of it and not worrying too much about things like okay prizes or something that are really tough
Like the meta has changed people expect there to be like a giant prize for give you a car doing something
But we've done things kind of like that in the past even with small prizes. So when we did the um mario car
AR racing thing
Okay on ltt. We offered people winning a day off or something like that
I think I forget I forget exactly what it was and the amount of backlash internally over
Not being selected to participate. So not getting a chance to win that
led us to create this whole convoluted program for channel super fun where the participants
Were actually competing for a prize
But then everyone else internally could bet on the outcome and share the prize with the participant who won
So that way everyone could participate and that it's just it like it basically
This is why we can't have nice things
because it created a whole bunch of politics and
You know jockeying for
being featured on the channel and complaining about
Not getting screen time or being in a role where you're not on screen or whatever else and I just like
I can't I just can't anymore
That's why a lot of you know, I'm not going to name any specifics
But that's why a lot of those types of channels the the prizes particularly when they're internal for the staff
It's just all fake like
Come on guys get real right
What do you want from me?
Let's keep turning through. Yeah Linus. Are you officially switching from the steam deck to the rog ally planning a two terabyte
ssd upgrade in the ally with sabrent's new 2230 two terabyte ssd
I think he's got one there
indoor hoody restock when
Soon soon, I think we've actually got it nailed down and we're we're ready to go to mass production
But it's going to take a little bit more time
But yeah, I'm switching over to the ally. I was actually on the ianio next before the ally
And one of the things I liked about it was that it had support for m.2 2280 drives full length drives
Although I think you could cram one in the ally if you just had a little m.2 extension thing
And I'd like to put a bigger drive in it if I could
Finally caught one of these early
Linus is a fellow fan of crosscode. What was your opinion on the post game downloadable content?
And have you seen the in-depth videos of radical fish games new project?
I didn't actually play the post game dlc. I
I just I felt like the story ended in such a good place and I was playing for the story not for the dungeons
I actually found the dungeons a little tedious towards the end
Especially that twin dungeon where you do one side and then you come out
There's no story in character development whatsoever and then you do the other side. It's like oh, what a grind
um
Like the puzzles were really creative. It's a really really well done game, but
I I just didn't find anything that appealing about the dlc
As for their new game. I haven't seen anything, but I will absolutely play it. I consider myself a radical fish fan
Hey dill love the show my fiance and I have been playing it takes two and having a blast
What is the first game you and avan ever played together any other recommendations?
Uh, I want to say pocket tanks
Oh, that's adorable. Look at this. I I just go on youtube and look at us
Saying goodbye
Not not in the way that you think though, but yeah pocket tanks is super fun. Just ultra casual game
Lots of lots of different weapons and stuff
I think it's like five bucks or something like that
Assuming you can even find anywhere to buy it anymore. You can like put up walls and there's all these like
cool little like different weapons and stuff that you can use and
We we've got to the point where it got like pretty intense and we got pretty good at it and stuff
Like here what this must have been some kind of like area of effect weapon or something
Uh
This is pretty slow paced gameplay here guys
Anyway, that doesn't really matter the point is yeah pocket tanks. That's the first game we played together
I think would you have taken the leap to start a linus media group if other outlets like ltt gamers next where nexus
Uh hardware unboxed and mkb hd had existed at the time
I started ltt because my boss told me to
so
I guess so the leap to lmg not just ltt. Yeah, I mean yeah because other stuff did exist at the time
There were other channels. They just didn't happen to be those ones. Yeah
Linus seems like you have had bad luck with contractors for your house. Oh god. Thanks
Painters bull people. How can you find good contractors or trade workers?
It's like interviewing anyone you're gonna get it right sometimes and you're gonna get it wrong sometimes and
While theoretically, you know, you have the law on your side or whatever and you can hold people accountable in practice
This is like this is it's the whole trust me bro thing all over again. Yeah, that's right. I'm going there
um
luke deep breaths
At the end of the day at the end of the day a warranty
or a law or anything
Only exists to the extent to which it's enforceable one party
has the has the willingness to
Honor the agreement and the other party has the willingness and time and capability
To force the other to honor the agreement. It can be
life-ruining level expensive to actually try to get a company to follow through with
What they're legally supposed to do and I know you're about to say small clean
Sure, you do it. Are you going to?
Full will and then when you're done and they have that court order to pay you
Okay
Then what are you going to pursue them to actually write you the check?
What if they're fraudsters and they've been Ponzi scheming the whole thing and their check's just gonna bounce anyway
How how are you gonna follow that up?
It just
Yeah
It is what it is. I were you know where we we hope that we're going to get this resolved in a in an amicable way, but
I don't I don't know
Hi, lld. I have a hybrid smartwatch with an eink display behind a set of dials
Which has most smartwatch functionality and one month of battery life
Linus, would you use such a watch as a pebble successor?
um
What was great about the pebble was just the simplicity of it. It just
Showed me the text
When a message arrived and it had hardware buttons
Uh, that's that's something that I still miss. I actually still use a pebble time
For uh media control on my motorbike. I just have a pebble time just like magneted to my handlebars
Because when I got gloves on it still like the only thing I can control
I think there are accessories that function in much the same way
But like
But I have a pebble time who cares and the app is already on my my old phone
Which is what I use to listen to music when I'm riding my bike. So it works perfectly for me
And it looks like the last one I have today when you start someone as a new host
How do you evaluate whether they're a good fit to stay in the role?
Do you give them specific training or is it just sink or swim?
Huh a little bit of column a a little bit of column b. I mean the audience is going to give them all the feedback
They could ever hope for so
Hey, thanks guys some of it valid some of it phenomenally stupid
Uh ltt screwdriver been using a bunch lately any updates on metrics hex metric hex bits and the stubby version
Uh, yeah metric hex, uh, doesn't seem to be here yet
That I'm as up to date on that as you are you can message support though
And hopefully they can get you sorted out and I do have another small little update on the store
Uh, zack actually announced an ltt color version of the jerry rig everything
Razor knife, so we don't have it in stock yet. Apparently
Thanks, zack
But we're going to have it and uh, you guys can
Check out. I think it's his most recent video where he announced that so that's pretty cool. Cool
And I think that's pretty much it for today
Sorry guys, it has to be a short show. We got to get to the airport. See you again next week
Oh
Same bad time
Different bad location
But same channel same channel. I'll still be here. Bye
Bye
Thanks, vessie signal wiring Corsair for sponsoring the show
You